License for DANCE (Dynamic Animation and Control Environment)

1) Scope
All terms of this license apply to the whole or any part of the DANCE core 
software and plug-ins developed by the DANCE authors (see Definitions below) 
unless explicitly stated otherwise. For plug-ins or portions of the DANCE 
core written by third parties or that have separate license agreements, 
those parts of the code fall under their own license agreements. 

2) Definitions
   The following terms used throughout the license will refer to the 
   stated definitions.
   a) "DANCE authors" refers to the original authors of DANCE: 
      Petros Faloutsos (pfal@dgp.toronto.edu) and 
      Victor Ng-Thow-Hing (victorng@dgp.toronto.edu).
   b) "DANCE system" refers the whole or any part of the software, related 
      files, and directories comprising the DANCE core
      code and file distribution as well as plug-ins developed by the 
      DANCE authors.
   c) "Commercial Use" is any use that results in payment in cash or goods
      in exchange for products or services created using the DANCE core code,
      including the prototyping of final products. 
				
3) Usage
   a) Non-commercial use: The DANCE system is free for non-commercial use 
      and can be modified freely. For distribution rules, see Distributions.
   b) Commerical use: Use or modification of the DANCE system for 
      commercial purposes must be approved first by asking the permission 
      of the DANCE authors. Permission does not have to be received until
      the commercial product or service becomes available to third parties.
   c) Licensees are free to do whatever they want with their own plug-ins
      that they have exclusively written.
   d) If the DANCE system is used for any of your projects, we would not
      require, but would appreciate acknowledgement of the DANCE system.
	
4) Distribution
    a) The original DANCE system is free to re-distribute as long as the
       contents of the distributions have not been modified in any way. This
       includes removing or adding files, altering source code or binaries, 
       and edition of files.
    b) Permission to distribute modified versions of the DANCE system must
       be granted by the DANCE authors.
    c) Plug-ins written entirely by the licensee are distributable under
       the licensee's own terms.
    d) Portions of the DANCE system written by third parties are distributable
       under their own licensing agreements.
    e) The DANCE system is distributed in the hope that it will be useful
       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. The author(s) do not accept responsibility
       to anyone for the consequences of using it or for whether it serves
       any particular purpose or works at all. No warranty is made about
       the software or its performance.                          
